# CPHLRmaster
<i>A google chrome plugin to collect and format Westlaw statutes into the Temple University CPHLR policy surveillance format with credit histories.</i>

Hello colleagues and friends!

This chrome extension is very much a work in progress, but I figured I would spread it around in case it still helps save time or tedium in policy surveillance. As of September 13, 2020, the app  works for statutes in the 50 states. Except Wisconsin. Wisconsin is the weird state where you always have to navigate to the Editor's History to get the credits (I think it should still work in pulling the CPHLR formatted title). I think Westlaw intentionally makes Wisconsin difficult to avoid large-scale scraping of their data. But I digress.

<b>TO INSTALL:</b> I recommend following the straight-forward instructions here: https://webkul.com/blog/how-to-install-the-unpacked-extension-in-chrome/. This is all open source, so feel free to look at the code, but rest assured I am not collecting any data from you. The general instructions are to click on the green Code button above this readme and the list of files. Then click "Download ZIP." This will  download all the files in one compressed file to your computer, at which point you need to unzip the file (most modern operating systems only require you to double click the zip file.) Then the file will unzip into a newly created folder on your computer. At which point you can follow the instructions in the link I provided. These steps basically just require you to (1) switch chrome to developer mode, (2) navigate to "Extensions" in chrome, and (3) drag the folder to the Extensions Manager.

<i><b>Future Plans:</b></i> Next up is setting up the regulations to format to the CPHLR formatting guidelines. I think it will take a while to figure out credit history for regulations in most states, as they are less consistent, and often require navigating to legislative history. But figure I can at least format the titles. And then... I guess <i>maybe</i> lexis one day? (lol can you even imagine?)

<b><i>What else is next?</i></b> I am still trying to figure out how to move forward. I might encourage "Issue reporting" here on github. I might start a slack channel. I might advise you to set up github accounts if you don't already have them, and then "watch" this repo for new version releases. I am also working on an <i>incredibly</i> <a href='https://github.com/AJFrazer/CPHLRbuild'>simple tool</a> to assist in building the law. So far I have only worked on removing extra spaces between words (a common problem with converting pdfs) and removing extra line breaks between paragraphs--but it would be great to hear other repetitive issues you encounter while building the law! In any case, I am always available on slack/email to discuss anything!

<i>Quick note for those who watched the PSP Project Metting Demo:</i> I removed the non-functioning button to 'download text' during the demonstration. But it has been replaced with a button that will copy the plain text of the laws you have collected directly to your clipboard.</i> 

